- [Instructor] To get the most out of this course,
you should be fairly comfortable with the command line.
We will be typing commands, we will be typing options,
so you should be really comfortable with this.
You should be able to copy/paste,
and then put them into the command line,
and run the commands.
Now other aspects that would be important to understand is:
This course is targeted towards Java developers.
So a basic knowledge of Java would be very useful.
Particularly Enterprise Java.
Now, yes, this course is targeted toward Java developers,
but you can certainly apply those concepts towards your own
programing language as well.
So, let's say I'm using a Wildfly image,
which is a Java application software,
but you want to use a Node.js server,
you are welcome to replace it
with your own programing language in that sense.
Let's take a look at the hardware
and software requirements.
The most common operating systems are supported.
So if you're using a Mac OS X then we're looking at
at least, 2010 plus onwards model.
And in terms of the operating system,
OS x El Capitan 10.11+ will be used.
When I'm doing this course,
I'm using an OS X here.
and I am using El Capitan,
so that works very well over there.
And that's where Docker for Mac is supported.
So you need to be a little bit careful,
if you chose older version, then you may have to use
Docker Machine, or Docker Tool Box,
and we explain those differences
down in the course as well.
For Windows, you're looking at a 64-bit, Windows 10 Pro.
If you have a different version, then again, you have to
go with a Docker Machine approach.
So some of the things in the course,
you may have to tweak it to adapt to this lesson.
Linux, most of the common flavors work,
and I would recommend looking at Docs.doc or .com,
for all of your references and what versions are supported.
On each of these machine, you will need admin privileges,
because essentially when you are running doc or commands,
you need the administrative privilege.
Certain part of the course we are also using
Amazon Web Services,
so you need an Amazon Web Services account.
And what kind of privileges are required,
are then explained in detail in the course as well.
But if you have a fairly admin privilege AWS account,
you should be good to go.
You can use your favorite IDE.
In my case, I'm using, Sublime Text and Net Beans.